hi it's Josh from an electronics here at
CES 2013 i'm here at the nikon section
with Steve minors going to tell me why I
want to move on to this camera because
I'm the point shoot guy you are the
point shoot guy but you want to get
serious about photography right right
I'm ready to move on we got a brand new
nikon d50 200 camera this is a great
place to start it's got a lot of
advanced features starting with a
24-point 1 megapixel CMOS dx-format
sensor so really high resolution gives
you lots of room to crop lots of room to
enlarge your pictures it's also got a
39-point autofocus system that comes
from our d7000 camera at a higher level
than this so very sophisticated very
capable AF system shoots five frames per
second so when you're shooting action
you can get all those frames in between
that maybe you've missed before with a
compact camera and of course one of the
cool features is that we have this
really neat vari-angle screen which
allows me to customize how the
information on the back screen looks as
well as give me a billet e to shoot high
in low angles and of course it comes in
a hotrod red color is it going to be
easy for me to use because this whole
world of DSLR is a little bit beyond my
point shoot brain okay this this is
perfect in fact we have what's called
scene modes we have fully automatic
modes but we also have scene modes that
are dedicated to the type of photographs
that you like to take that's what makes
it very easy as that you can choose
anything from snow scenes or beach
scenes to indoor party scenes and set it
on the scene mode select that that
particular scene and the camera will do
everything for you so it can be as
automatic as a point shoot camera but as
you start to grow your interest in
photography it will allow you to change
that mode so that you can go to a
semi-automatic mode and then eventually
manual if you want to do all of your own
shutter speed and aperture settings
yourself okay where are the lens do I
get a good lens from the beginning I do
I need to worry about wanting a bigger
zoom or something well I don't know if
it's a worry necessarily the d 5200
comes with an 18 to 55 millimeter zoom
lens for 899 in the basic package now we
have over 70 great Nick wear lenses to
choose from at all kinds of different
price ranges and focal length so there
are
auto lenses to choose from chances are
there's something there that fits both
your price range and that gives you the
versatility that you need for travel or
sports or whatever it is you like to
take pictures of so plus we have
ancillary speedlights that fit on the
top case you want more flash we've got
remote controls that we can use also
this is what I want when I move on
totally great thanks a lot for all your
help today see a cute drunk all right
you can check out more information at
blog app com